cats are much more free to follow their
noses and they've been shown to
investigate several hundred orders each
hour and smells can sometimes take them
to a drug-fueled gathering you can
detect the scent from catnip in just one
part in a boom
[Music]
just a few bites of this mind-altering
plan 24 is under its alluring spell its
volatile oils imitator sexual hormone
and cause a potent reaction in its brain
8 out of 10 adult cats find it totally
seductive and the strange response is
inherited
[Music]
even big cats such as leopards and
tigers react in the same intoxicated
wave
[Music]
for cats catnip may be a recreational
drug but it's totally harmless
although there are always some
overindulge
[Music]
it's not all peace and love cats are
solitary by nature and don't like
shearing
after about 10 minutes the cats come
back down to earth
[Music]